white collar
I respect you as a heroine
But what a pity!
You are following the wrong master
Your master compensates all over the place
Kneel down and beg for mercy
It's not worth following at all
Want me to say
You and Me
If you follow me, I will make you the queen of Dongyi
How to dream
You want to touch him?
Unless I die
And if I dare to touch my man, kill me first
And me, you kid is quite capable
You have so many women working for you
Make the emperor kneel for you
Make Kyushu submit
Sign up
I, Xiao Yunzhou, don't kill unknown people
I'll give you a stick of incense to withdraw.
Exit the Kyushu Continent
otherwise
At your own risk
Pardon me?
I have set foot in Kyushu
What can you do to me?
After a stick of incense
The second round is approaching
I'm afraid of your million soldiers
no longer exists
Second round of scourge
This first round of damnation
It almost destroyed our nine clans in one generation
This second round of damnation
Isn't it to destroy the foundation of the nine clans?
Hahaha what curse
Scourge can destroy millions of my soldiers
Scared these trash
Can't scare me
At your own risk
I'll tell you what the consequences are.
The consequence is that I will behead you
Tread the Eastern Zhou Dynasty
And these women around you
Will become my Dongyi nationality
How can you be a pig man?
Stop talking nonsense with him
Kill him!
Beiyan soldiers obey orders Dongyi soldiers obey orders
The South Gate soldiers did as ordered and killed him